Let's talk a little bit about the setting on your air B and B listing page that's for minimum days.
Basically all Aramean be is asking you is that you want to set a limit to how many days someone needs
to stay before they can book.
Most commonly I see people look for a minimum of two days or say minimum of four days.
If you're looking to rent and not have to deal with a lot of check ins and check outs that is something
that you can consider.
I've met other hosts who list their properties with minimums of say like seven days because in their
experience they found that if you want to stay for seven days the likelihood of getting a positive review
is better but also it makes sense for them at that point.
It's like finding almost a long term tenant except it's limited to we can get a lot more money so a
lot of times they will rent one week of a spare room and that's enough to pay let's say half the rent
or depending on how much they charge me the entirety of the rent.
So we're talking about starting off what you need to be thinking about is what's going to get me off
to the best beginnings scenario with minimum days.
All I'm going to say is at the beginning please consider setting it at one day.
Don't set a minimum day.
The reason why is because at the very beginning we want to get reviews and reviews are going to be crucial
going forward.
And so that you can move up this search ranking on air B and B.
And now if you set your minimum to one a lot of times what will happen is you'll get people who want
to stay for one night.
It sounds like a lot of effort like how to clean the you know say a space or your apartment.
Have them come in and then leave after one night but you have to think of at it from a review standpoint.
That's one person one night with the possibility of getting a positive review if you have a lot of people
coming in coming out.
Yes you might burn out or you know spend a lot of energy cleaning and flipping.
But you can build up a review very quickly and that's what we're most concerned about at the beginning.
I also think that it's the case that if you set a minimum too early you can preclude yourself from getting
a lot of bookings and then towards the future after a couple of months then you can start getting pickier
then you can start setting higher minimums.
If you want to.
In my experience once you do have a property that has kind of a wall of social proof and you've had
a lot of people come in and out typically setting a minimum is helpful.
But I personally I set it usually two days and you know it just depending sometimes I don't even set
it.
If you're someone who's running out your entire apartment it's really counterproductive to set a minimum
day's a requirement because say I'm running out in June what I'll end up happening is I'll have say
eight or nine rentals and they're all typically two to three to four nights and I'll have these in-between
nights where it's rented Monday Tuesday Wednesday for one group and the second group comes on Friday
Saturday Sunday.
That one day that you're missing in terms of my apartment that's $400.
So it's very hard to get the entire fill rate that I ideally would like takeaway is I think that you
should not set a minimum at the beginning.
If you do.
Just be aware that you're really limiting how many inquiries are getting and it's going to take longer
for you to develop a review base.
You guys have any questions you want to know if there's any exceptions to this.
Just let me know posts in the group section or send me a private message.